他觉得可能是风里的那个东西抓住了克洛维斯，他害怕那东西也会抓住自己	He thinks it's the thing in the wind that caught Clovis. He's afraid it'll catch himself.   N
他知道他们在说自己	He knows they're talking about themselves.  N
她明白他还在跟着自己	She knows he's still following himself. N
她发现他还在恶狠狠地看着自己	She found out he was still looking at himself.  N
姑娘却用如此凄楚的眼神看着他，仿佛恳求他来解救自己	And the girl looked at him with such dazzling eyes as she begged him to save herself. Y
德克尔仍在抚摸着贝丝的秀发，他真不愿意警察这个时候来打扰自己	Dekker still caressing Beth's hair. He really doesn't want the police to bother himself at this hour.   N
他抬眼一瞥，看到她在看着自己	He looked up and saw her looking at herself.    N
我咕哝着，担心他弄醒自己	I'm grunting. I'm worried he'll wake himself up.    N
铂内尔发现那双灰眼睛正以奇异的目光注视着自己	Ponel found those gray eyes staring at himself with a strange eye.  N
奥多太太还只道他看上了自己	Mrs. Ordo just said he had a crush on himself.  N
他知道身后有许多目光在盯着自己	He knows there's a lot of eyes on him.  Y
他知道她看不见自己	He knew she couldn't see herself.   N
他知道它正在芦苇丛里仇恨地盯着自己	He knows he's staring at himself in the reeds.  N
他感到她又回避自己	He felt she was avoiding herself again. N
他确信她也已看见了自己	He's sure she saw herself.  N
她知道那年轻轿夫正在注视着自己	She knew the young man was watching himself.    N
但他马上又发现她其实还是没看见自己	But then he found out that she didn't actually see herself. N
他醒来时发现母亲正望着自己	When he woke up, he found his mother looking at herself.    N
我觉得丈夫背叛了自己	I think my husband betrayed himself.    N
父亲看见母亲从她幽居的高处俯视着自己	Father saw his mother look down at herself from the heights of her phantom. N
他感到她在看着自己	He felt she was looking at herself. N
她也怕讲经师责备自己	She's afraid that the sermons will blame herself.   N
我生怕他扣动扳机暴露自己	I was afraid he'd pull the trigger and expose himself.  N
她无意中发现他正在看着自己	She accidentally found out he was looking at himself.   N
她再也不会看到他羞辱自己了	She'll never see him humiliate herself again.   N
她认为他应该指责自己了	She thinks he should blame himself. N
她看到安全部头子的脸从银行大楼的一扇窗子后边注视着自己	She saw the head of security staring at herself from behind a window in the bank building.  N
他没有等着她过来拥抱自己	He didn't wait for her to come over and hug herself.    N
她看到他有一两次若有所思地观察着自己	She saw him looking at himself once or twice.   N
他知道她看不见自己	He knew she couldn't see herself.   N
她发觉他带着奇怪的目光注视着自己	She realized he was looking at himself with strange eyes.   N
他知道它正在芦苇丛里仇恨地盯着自己	He knows he's staring at himself in the reeds.  N
他感到她又回避自己	He felt she was avoiding herself again. N
