她担心淑华会把一个不幸的结果招引到自己的身上	She was afraid that Sook-hwa would draw an unfortunate result on herself.   Y
她们觉得她是在卖弄自己	They think she's playing with herself.  Y
我觉得他是想淹死自己	I think he's trying to drown himself.   Y
我看她是故意显夸自己	I think she's trying to exaggerate herself. Y
我知道他又开始在责备自己	I know he started blaming himself again.    Y
我们有理由相信她会危害自己	We have reason to believe she'll harm herself.  Y
我也提醒了他注意自己	I also reminded him of himself. Y
我发现她的唯一缺陷是她有时有点控制不住自己	The only fault I found her was that she was sometimes a little out of control.  Y
请你不要以为我只是考虑自己	Please don't think I'm just thinking about myself.  Y
我告诉了她我刚才做了什么和我为什么克制住了自己	I told her what I've done and why I'm holding myself back.  Y
他埋怨她只顾着自己	He blames her for thinking of herself.  Y
他认为她特意在考虑为他牺牲自己	He thinks she meant to sacrifice herself for him.   Y
她落在后面，奇怪他竟会只顾自己	She's left behind. It's weird how he's looking at himself.  Y
我疑心他是欺骗自己	I doubt he's lying to himself.  Y
我觉得他全靠香槟酒在支撑自己	I think he's holding himself up with champagne. Y
我没见过一个女人不想控制自己	I've never seen a woman who doesn't want to control herself.    Y
你不会让玛丽去暴露自己	You won't let Mary expose herself.  Y
窗前的你默默凭吊他丧失了自己	The one in front of the window, you hanged him, and he lost himself.    Y
有很多人开始时甚至认为教长是在嘲弄自己	A lot of people at first thought the dean was making a mockery of himself.  Y
我发现她的唯一缺陷是她有时有点控制不住自己	The only fault I found her was that she was sometimes a little out of control.  Y
我愿意她彻底贬辱自己	I'd like her to demean herself completely.  Y
我们看到他坐在书桌前，准备结果自己	We saw him sitting at the desk, preparing himself.  Y
太阳好像早早就升起来了，想看看桑乔怎样折腾自己	It's like the sun's up a long time ago. I want to see how Sanjoo does it.   Y
牙科医生现在颇有成效地阻止她本能地指摘自己	The dentist's now quite productively preventing her from intuitively pointing fingers at herself.   Y
尽管我痛不欲生，但我不愿意她这样折磨自己	Even though I'm in pain, I don't want her to torture herself like this. Y
她无法简捷地理解女人为何要如此装饰自己	She couldn't easily understand why a woman was so decorated.    Y
我们知道她已经能够照顾自己了	We know she can take care of herself.   Y
