不管他是否原谅他自己.	Whether he forgives himself or not.
赫尔曼问他自己。	Herman asked himself.
原始的欲又来了，一种百战不死的老兵；他唤醒他自己。	And the original desire came again, a veterans who would never die; and he awakened himself.
他没有看见他自己。	He didn't see himself.
王德好象问他自己。	Wang De seems to ask himself.
他嘲笑他自己。	He mocked himself.
不过这事全都怪他自己。”	But it's all his fault."
他只爱他自己。”	He only loves himself."
他问他自己。	He asked himself.
雅夏问他自己。	Yascha asked himself.
斯捷潘·阿尔卡季奇想到他自己。	Stepan Alkadžić thought of himself.
倘使有这种男人，也是他在欺骗他自己。	And if there were such a man, he would have deceived himself.
这要看他自己。	It depends on him.
他不爱他自己。	He doesn't love himself.
他回答他自己。	He answered himself.
瑞宣认识他自己。	Rachel knows himself.
他恨他自己，他轻视他自己。	He hates himself, and despises himself.
你不信问他自己。	You don't believe in asking him himself.
以同样的方式，拥有认识自我的知识的人会认识他自己。	In the same way, those who know themselves will know themselves.
每个人只能代表他自己。	Everyone can only represent himself.
林乃久问他自己。	Lin was asking himself long ago.
别这么心慌，雅夏尔，他劝他自己。	Don't panic, Yashar. He talked to himself.
是相信我胜过相信他自己。	Trust me more than trust himself.
接下来，只等着大下巴的人介绍他自己了。	Next thing I know, I'm waiting for someone with a big chin to introduce himself.
王子在打扮他自己了。	The prince is dressing himself up.
这时候他说到他自己了。	That's when he talked about himself.
既然家有信来，还是要好好替他打算一下，把利害说给他，取决当然在于他自己了。	Since the family has written, it is up to him to think about it and to tell him what's at stake. Of course, it is up to him.
杰夫劝他自己保管，或者早点回家，以免那些不怀好意的庄稼汉钻进来骗了去。	Jeff advised himself to keep it in his custody or to come home early so that those uninvited farmers could come in and lie.
宰相您问他自己去，听他回答您什么吧。	Then ask him himself, and hear what he will answer you.
接下来的六个星期都属于他自己可是女主人说：“噢，别急！	For the next six weeks, he was the hostess and said, "Oh, don't worry!
他的空虚令他自己吃惊。	His emptiness surprises himself.
“假如他说到他自己呢？”	"What if he talks about himself?"
“我打算让他自己权衡一下利弊，一方面是偷窃的行为给他带来的一点点小利益，另一方	“I'm going to let him weigh the pros and cons on his own, on the one hand, a small benefit from the theft, on the other hand.
王琦瑶让他自己泡茶，问他这些日子做什么，打不打桥牌，有没有分配工作的消息。	Wang Qiyao asked him to make his own tea and asked him what he was doing these days, whether he could play the bridge and if he had any news of the assignment.
使善的事物成为他自己的。	That He may make His own good things.
有时候他会好气他自己，用根棍于敲他自己的脚，或是拿他的头去撞石头什么的。	Sometimes he'd be angry with himself, hit his own feet with a stick or hit his head with a rock or something.
“没有一分钟留给他自己的，”魏德尔太太叹道，“如果你知道他扛在肩膀上的东西有多少……	"Not a minute left for his own," said Mrs. Weidel, "If you know how many things he's carrying on his shoulders...
通过使美的东西成为他自己的，他将得到什么呢？	What will he get by making something beautiful his own?
不过，这三天假日是属于他自己的，他要干自己想干的事。	However, the three-day holiday was his own and he had to do what he wanted to do.
让他捡，如果他拿他自己的，而且心满意足，你就把另外两把全赠给他。	Let him pick it up. If he takes his own and is satisfied, give him all the other two.
他应该写他自己而不是克里斯塔尔……我辜负了他。	He should write about himself instead of Christal I failed him.
去年5月8日的下午，蒙蒂教授曾记载他自己要在多尼咖啡店与罗伯特?莱布朗会面。	On the afternoon of 8 May last year, Professor Monty recorded his own meeting with Robert LeBron at the Donny Coffee Shop.
你让他自己说，他会帮着我们说话；要是当面和他说破，他反而不敢帮我们——因	You let him say it himself, he'll help us, and if he talks to him in person, he'll be afraid to help us, because...
有时他会把玩他自己送给我作礼物的蒙古墨水瓶。	Sometimes he'll play with the Mongolian ink bottle he gave me as a gift.
这让他自己都觉得不好意思了。	It makes him feel sorry for himself.
他恨他自己！	He hates himself!
他只想到他自己！	He only thinks of himself!
他问他自己，“怎么！	He asked himself, "What?
“由于贫困，”陀思妥耶夫斯基说他自己，“我被迫为金钱而匆忙写作，所以接二连三地失败。”	“Because of poverty,” Dostoyevsky said himself, “I was forced to write for money, and so failed successively”.
他问他自己，“说到头来，这是我的，我的……	He asked himself, "This is my, my...
有保留在他印象中的完全，对于美人迟暮自不免兴一种感伤，但他若想想他自己，也到了一礼拜不修脸就不成样子的人，他就觉得未来生活渺茫，把自	It's all he's got in his head, and it's kind of sad for the beauty to be late, but if he thinks of himself and he doesn't look like a man for a week, he'll feel like he's gonna live forever.
他恨他自己，什么本事也没有，连点力气都没有，到底是干什么的呢？	He hates himself. He has no talent. He has no strength. What does he do?
振保突然提醒他自己，他正在挖空心思想出各种的理由，证明他为什么应当同这女人睡觉。	Jinbao suddenly reminded himself that he was evading his mind for various reasons as to why he should sleep with the woman.
同时，他更相信他自己，他的才识，他的胆气，他的体力以至容貌，毕竟胜于常人，好运	At the same time, he believed more in himself, in his talent, in his courage, in his physical strength and in his appearance.
“他到处炫示他自己，他的时髦衣服，他的四轮敞篷马车，通过这些，去教导人们懂得什么	"He showed himself around, his fashionable clothes, his four-wheeled convertible, and through this, he taught people what to know.
陪审员们以及仅仅从民谣和历史小说里吸收历史知识的一般人，他想起他自己，他自己也不是从布道词和法律里，而是从寓言、小说、诗歌里汲取生	Jurors and ordinary people who merely absorb historical knowledge from folk songs and history novels, think of himself, not from sermons and laws, but from fables, novels, poetry.
他问他自己，但是他没法回答。	He asked himself, but he couldn't answer.
这也怪他自己，因为他拖拖拉拉，没有给安娜上紧宗教信仰这根弦。	It's also his fault because he's dragging and he's not giving Anna a hold on religion.
这要怨他自己，小狮子不平地说，我们的满腹苦水对谁诉?办理结婚登记手续	It's his own fault, the lions say, "Who are we to blame for being married?"
我父亲不爱谈他自己，我们也不问。	My father didn't talk about himself, and we didn't ask.
听到大师兄这么贬低他自己，楚玄玄自然大感不满。	Chu was naturally displeased by the fact that he had been so demeaning to himself.
他问他自己，脑子里一片混乱。	He asked himself, and there was a mess in his head.
阿希礼用语言来禁闭他自己，这禁闭比任何监狱都牢固。	Achilles uses his language to keep himself in solitary confinement, which is stronger than any prison.
克雷默尔立刻述说他自己，述说关于他自己的一切。	He immediately told himself and everything about himself.
但是，一个作者只能写他自己，难道不是真的吗？	But isn't it true that one author can only write about himself?
他说他自己：“我这人我问他一天能卖多少钱。	He said himself, "I'm the one who asked him how much he could sell a day.
太对不起他的母亲，也太对不起他的夫人了，可是他尤其对不起他自己；他所失去的这位妻子，她的美貌足以使人间粉黛一齐失色，	I'm so sorry for his mother and for his wife, but he's so sorry for himself; the wife he's lost, she's beautiful enough to make a difference.
