她担心淑华会把一个不幸的结果招引到自己的身上。	She feared that Sook-hwa would draw an unfortunate result on herself.
她们觉得她是在卖弄自己。	They think she's selling herself.
我觉得他是想淹死自己。	I think he's trying to drown himself.
我看她是故意显夸自己。	I think she's deliberately boasting about herself.
我知道他又开始在责备自己。	I know he's starting to blame himself again.
我们有理由相信她会危害自己。	We have reason to believe that she will endanger herself.
我也提醒了他注意自己。	I also reminded him of himself.
我发现她的唯一缺陷是她有时有点控制不住自己。	The only fault I found her was that she was sometimes a little out of control.
她想这个美国人也许一直都躺在紫外线灯下晒黑自己。	She thought that this American might have been lying under an ultraviolet light all the time.
请你不要以为我只是考虑自己。	Please don't think I'm just thinking about myself.
我告诉了她我刚才做了什么和我为什么克制住了自己。	I told her what I just did and why I held myself back.
他埋怨她只顾着自己。	He complains that she only cares about herself.
他认为她特意在考虑为他牺牲自己。	He believes that she specifically intends to consider sacrificing herself for him.
她落在后面，奇怪他竟会只顾自己。	She's falling behind, wondering why he's only looking at himself.
我疑心他是欺骗自己。	I doubt he's lying to himself.
我觉得他全靠香槟酒在支撑自己。	I think he's holding himself up with champagne.
我没见过一个女人不想控制自己。	I've never seen a woman who doesn't want to control herself.
你不会让玛丽去暴露自己。	You won't let Mary expose herself.
窗前的你默默凭吊他丧失了自己。	You hang him from the window and lose yourself.
有很多人开始时甚至认为教长是在嘲弄自己。	A lot of people at first thought that the dean was making a mockery of himself.
我发现她的唯一缺陷是她有时有点控制不住自己。	The only fault I found her was that she was sometimes a little out of control.
我愿意她彻底贬辱自己。	I'd like her to demean herself completely.
我们看到他坐在书桌前，准备结果自己。	We saw him sitting at the desk, preparing the results for himself.
太阳好像早早就升起来了，想看看桑乔怎样折腾自己。	It's like the sun's been up a long time, trying to see how Sanjoy's doing himself.
牙科医生现在颇有成效地阻止她本能地指摘自己。	The dentist had now been effective in preventing her from insinuating herself.
谢尔登则抗议说她能照顾好自己。	Sheldon protested that she could take care of herself.
尽管我痛不欲生，但我不愿意她这样折磨自己。	Despite my pain, I do not want her to torture herself like this.
她无法简捷地理解女人为何要如此装饰自己。	She couldn't easily understand why women were so decorated.
我们知道她已经能够照顾自己了。	We know she's been able to take care of herself.
