接着她又分析她自己——她觉得她自己的思想，和她现在的生活和所处的地位是完全相反的	And then she analyzes herself -- she thinks her own thoughts are completely opposite to her current life and position.
她屡次问她自己。	She asked herself repeatedly.
说：“骂我们就是骂她自己。”	He said, "Scolding us is scolding herself."
她怕她自己。	She's afraid of herself.
她问她自己。	She asked herself.
这要问她自己。	That's to ask herself.
然而，如果跟这个相反，到底是什么态度完全取决于她自己。	However, if this is not the case, what kind of attitude is entirely up to her.
她谈到她自己。	She talked about herself.
不定的身份之中，可以有无限不同的名称来命名，但这身份的可见性取决于她自己。	Indefinite identities can be named under infinite different names, but the visibility of such identities depends on her own.
不论演什么，她总表现她自己，永远只表现她自己。	Whatever she does, she always shows herself and always only shows herself.
“噢，但愿妈妈多控制她自己一些吧！	"Oh, let's hope Mom has more control over herself!
尽管这个念头让她自己也感到害怕，尽管她知道说出这番话会让自已的感情变得无比脆弱，但	Even though this thought scares her, and she knows it makes her feelings so fragile that she says it.
这使她自己也感到点有失体统，而又不能不顺着语气儿骂下去。	This caused her to feel a bit of disfigured herself and could not go on without saying what she wanted to say.
她的歌唱太像她自己了。	She sings too much like herself.
便笑道：“这样罢，以后每逢三天，就给你来一封信，这信让她自己写，她要有什么事委屈，一定会写信告诉你的，	And she laughed and said, "Well, every three days, she'll write you a letter, and she'll write you a letter if she wants to.
若是让她自己去买，她可绝对地不能买这么多，也不就是红花吗！	If she buys it herself, she can't buy that much. Isn't that the red flower?
绮霞走时她自己同三妹、翠环都哭过一场。	When Xia left, she cried with her own three sisters and the ring.
她了解她自己的。	She knows her own.
接着她又分析她自己——她觉得她自己的思想，和她现在的生活和所处的地位是完全相反的。	She then analysed herself — and she felt that her own thinking was completely contrary to her current life and position.
当她确是她自己的时候，她回想过去，决无悲伤与悔恨，只是愤怒慧反复地自己分析，	And when she was herself, she looked back to her past without sorrow or regret, but she was only able to analyse herself with anger and wisdom.
有几份礼物是属于她自己的，但是她做得很好，她等到每一个孩子都收到了礼物，才把自己的礼	There were a few gifts of her own, but she did well. She waited until every child got a present.
他告诉她自己答应苏小姐明天去望病，问她去不去。	He told her she promised Miss Sue that she would go to see her tomorrow and asked if she would go.
她只是做她自己罢了。	She's just being herself.
迟早她不得不结束她自己！	Sooner or later she'll have to end herself!
姑娘可以忘记她自己，不再扮演这类角色。	A girl can forget herself and stop playing that role.
她哭她自己，也哭普天下一切希望都已成为泡影的人们。	She cried for herself and for all hope to be lost.
凯丽告诉她自己，她不是因为寒冷而颤抖，而是因为能在那座大房子里进餐过于兴奋而	Kelly told herself that she was not shaking because of the cold, but because she was too excited to eat in that big house.
你问问她自己，她干了些什么事？	Ask her yourself, what did she do?
金嫣了解她自己，她的爱是抽象的，却更是磅礴的，席卷的，包裹的，母老虎式的。	She knows herself, and her love is abstract, but she is even more pompous, sweeping, wrapped, female tiger.
在一袭白衣之下，她在体会她自己，并且在脖子上预感到刀锋的锐利。	Under a white suit, she sensed herself and knew the sharpness of the blade on her neck.
这里有一位满身灰尘的年老的教堂领座人，她只供养她自己，并觉得这就够她操心费神的。	There was an old church chaplain full of dust, who only provided for herself and felt that it was enough for her to worry.
她恨她自己，恨她的丈夫，恨天赐；世界上再没有爱。	She hated herself, her husband and God; there was no more love in the world.
雏子喜欢谈她自己，我则喜欢听她说。	She likes to talk about herself, and I like to listen to her.
她可以想象她自己，浑身重孝，她那红喷喷的脸上可戴不了孝……	She can imagine herself, full of filial filial filial filial filtration, her red-sprayed face can't wear a filial filial filial filial filial...
故事的主人公是她自己，而发生的地点是托基。	The story was about herself, and the place where it happened was Toki.
她问她自己，而她自己的意识里是有一个答案的。	She asked herself, and her own consciousness had an answer.
她在惩罚她自己，钱大概都化作杯中物下肚了。"	She's punishing herself. The money's probably in the cup."
既然这间原始的办公室属于她自己，除了病人任何人都禁止入内，有必要各方面都很隐蔽，可最麻烦的是	Since this original office belongs to her, no one but the patient is allowed in, and it's necessary to be hidden, but most troublesome.
