罗伯特-乔丹明白她信任自己。	Robert Jordan understood that she trusted herself.  N
她明白是建军在暗中保护着自己。	She understood that the army was protecting herself in the dark.    N
他知道他们在说自己。	He knows they're talking about themselves.  N
婆一见她就说他骗了自己。	When she saw her, she said she lied to herself. N
她明白他还在跟着自己。	She understood that he was still following himself. N
她发现他还在恶狠狠地看着自己。	She found out he was still looking at himself. N
姑娘却用如此凄楚的眼神看着他，仿佛恳求他来解救自己。	But she looked at him with such dazzling eyes as she begged him to save herself.    Y
德克尔仍在抚摸着贝丝的秀发，他真不愿意警察这个时候来打扰自己。	Dekker was still caressing Beth's hair, and he really didn't want the police to bother himself this time. N
建军本来在看电视，突然发觉母亲在注视着自己。	The army was watching TV and suddenly realized that the mother was watching herself.    N
校长忽然不说话了，建军知道她正打量着自己。	The headmaster suddenly stopped talking and the builders knew she was looking at herself.   N
他抬眼一瞥，看到她在看着自己。	He looked up and saw her looking at herself.    N
我咕哝着，担心他弄醒自己。	I was grunting, worried he'd wake himself up.   N
铂内尔发现那双灰眼睛正以奇异的目光注视着自己。	Ner found the grey eyes staring at himself with a strange eye.     Y
她感觉到男出纳的黑眼睛一动不动地盯着自己。	She sensed the male cashier's dark eyes staring at herself.     Y
他看到丽娟怀疑地看着自己。	He saw Lilong skeptically looking at himself.   Y
她不喜欢建军继续抚摸自己。	She doesn't like building an army to keep touching herself. Y
我甚至也希望丽娟能够这样来迎接自己。	I even hoped that Lilong would meet himself like this.  N
她一抬头，看到建军正在端详着自己。	She looked up and saw that the army was taking care of herself. N
她觉得对面的日本兵非常不友好地看着自己。	She felt that the Japanese soldiers across the street looked very unfriendlyly at themselves.   N
她相信一营的士兵们也都会这样嘲笑自己。	She believed that the soldiers of a battalion would laugh at themselves as well.    N
她害怕他辞掉自己。	She was afraid he'd quit himself.   N
丽娟知道建军是有心救济自己。	Li Xing knew that there was a desire to help himself.   N
他感到她在注意自己。	He felt she was watching herself.   N
奥多太太还只道他看上了自己。	Mrs. Odo just said he had a crush on himself.   N
他看到她正微笑地注视着自己。	He saw her looking at herself smilingly.    N
建军忽然发觉女儿长得并不像自己。	The soldiers suddenly realized that their daughters did not look like themselves.   Y
她看到知县大老爷也正在注目自己。	She saw that the Grand Master was watching herself. N
突然他发现丽娟在看自己。	Suddenly he found Lilong looking at himself.    Y
他只见丽娟正盯住自己。	He only saw Lilong staring at himself.  Y
可他总觉得王太太在扭头望着自己。	But he always thinks Mrs. Wang is staring at herself.   N
他知道它正在芦苇丛里仇恨地盯着自己。	He knew it was staring at itself with hatred in the reeds.  N
建军则害怕丽娟告发自己。	The military was afraid Lilong would turn himself in.   N
她希望建军能尽力挽留自己。	She hoped that the army would do everything in its power to retain herself. N
他感到她又回避自己。	He felt she was avoiding herself again. N
他发现丽娟也正在默默地注视着自己。	He found that Lilong was watching himself in silence.   N
她知道那年轻轿夫正在注视着自己。	She knew the young man was watching himself.    N
建军看到丽娟站在门边，悲哀地望着自己。	The army was set up to see Lilong standing by the door and looking at himself with sadness. N
她料不到建军会主动地强迫了自己。	She didn't expect the army to force herself on its own initiative.  N
她希望他来看看自己。	She wants him to come see himself.  N
他不愿母亲靠近自己。	He didn't want his mother to come near him. Y
我觉得丈夫背叛了自己。	I think my husband betrayed himself.    N
丽娟觉得他是有意避着自己。	Lilong thinks he's deliberately avoiding himself.   N
建军却感到她是在冷眼看着自己。	The army was built to feel that she was looking at herself in the cold. N
但丽娟发现他并没有认出自己。	But Lilong found out he didn't recognize himself.   N
父亲看见母亲从她幽居的高处俯视着自己。	The father saw her mother look down at herself from the heights of her phantom. N
建军觉得人们好像在纷纷躲避自己。	It seems that people are running away from themselves.  N
她热切地盼望着建军前来找自己。	She eagerly looked forward to an army to find herself.  N
建军好像听到丽娟正在身边取笑自己。	The army was built as if it heard Lilong around making fun of himself. N
她无意中发现他正在看着自己。	She accidentally found him looking at himself.  N
建军怀疑她是在有意躲避自己。	The builders suspected that she was deliberately avoiding herself.  N
他在回来的路上仍不相信丽娟会真的喜欢自己。	On his way back, he still didn't believe Lilong would really like himself.  N
建军感到连母亲也抛弃了自己。	The army is feeling that even the mother has abandoned herself. N
她看到安全部头子的脸从银行大楼的一扇窗子后边注视着自己。	She saw the head of the security guard staring at herself from behind a window in the bank building. Y
建军没想到丽娟会反问自己。	The builders didn't expect Li Xing to ask themselves the same question. N
他没有等着她过来拥抱自己。	He didn't wait for her to come over and hug herself.    N
他环顾了一下四周，发觉这个丽娟正诚挚地注视着自己。	He looked around for a moment and realized that this Lycan was looking at himself sincerely.    N
她一抬头，看到建军正在端详着自己。	She looked up and saw that the army was taking care of herself. N
她听不惯别人称赞自己。	She's not used to being praised.    Y
但他知道她是好心来救自己。	But he knew she was kind enough to save herself.    N
她发觉他带着奇怪的目光注视着自己。	She found him looking at himself with strange eyes.     N
他知道它正在芦苇丛里仇恨地盯着自己。	He knew it was staring at itself with hatred in the reeds.  N
建军做梦也没想到丽娟竟然这样回答自己。	I didn't think Li Xing would say that to himself.   N
建军则害怕丽娟告发自己。	The military was afraid Lilong would turn himself in.   N
建军看见她们边笑边回头望他，便知道她们是在聊自己。	When they saw them laughing and looking back at him, they knew they were talking about themselves.  N
他感到她又回避自己。	He felt she was avoiding herself again. N
她看见建军正在一年级空无一人的教室前面等着自己。	She saw the builders waiting for themselves in front of an empty class in the first grade.  N
