您是说我不能把握自己	You mean I can't control myself?    Y
我想我们可以原谅自己	I think we can forgive ourselves.   Y
我担心您为了让我高兴而勉强自己	I'm afraid you're trying to make me happy.  Y
你应当明白我为什么这样折磨自己	You should understand why I torture myself like this.   Y
你不能指望我背叛自己	You can't expect me to betray myself.   Y
我怕你伤着自己	I'm afraid you'll hurt yourself.    Y
只是我希望你再也不要偶然失手打伤自己了	It's just that I hope you never miss again. N
她担心淑华会把一个不幸的结果招引到自己的身上	She was afraid that Sook-hwa would draw an unfortunate result on herself.   Y
让我们看看他清醒了之后还叫不叫自己‘无畏’	Let's see if he wakes up calling himself fearless.  Y
他们听我还给自己“休假”	They're listening to me for a "sabbatical." Y
她们觉得她是在卖弄自己	They think she's playing with herself.  Y
我觉得他是想淹死自己	I think he's trying to drown himself.   Y
我看她是故意显夸自己	I think she's trying to exaggerate herself. Y
我知道他又开始在责备自己	I know he started blaming himself again.    Y
我们有理由相信她会危害自己	We have reason to believe she'll harm herself.  Y
有网友表示这是第一次看到我们党给自己“做广告”	Some netizens say it's the first time we've seen our party "advertise ourselves."   N
一些干部最担心的是工人只为自己“向钱看”	Some of the cadres are worried that the workers will only look to the money for themselves. Y
我也提醒了他注意自己	I also reminded him of himself. Y
我发现她的唯一缺陷是她有时有点控制不住自己	The only fault I found her was that she was sometimes a little out of control.  Y
他高兴地发现这次他丝毫没强迫自己	He's happy to know he didn't force himself at all this time.    Y
我相信人民,相信他们有权按照自己的愿望管理自己	I believe in the people and in their right to govern themselves according to their wishes.  Y
我最担心的就是她会怎样对待自己	All I'm worried about is what she's gonna do to herself.    Y
他想这个美国人也许一直都躺在紫外线灯下晒黑自己	He thought this American might be lying under an ultraviolet light all the time.    Y
请你不要以为我只是考虑自己	Please don't think I'm just thinking about myself.  Y
我怕他会戕害自己	I'm afraid he'll hurt himself.  Y
我告诉了她我刚才做了什么和我为什么克制住了自己	I told her what I've done and why I'm holding myself back.  Y
他埋怨她只顾着自己	He blames her for thinking of herself.  Y
他认为她特意在考虑为他牺牲自己	He thinks she meant to sacrifice herself for him.   Y
她落在后面，奇怪他竟会只顾自己	She's left behind. It's weird how he's looking at himself.  Y
我疑心他是欺骗自己	I doubt he's lying to himself.  Y
我觉得他全靠香槟酒在支撑自己	I think he's holding himself up with champagne. Y
我没见过一个女人不想控制自己	I've never seen a woman who doesn't want to control herself.    Y
你不会让玛丽去暴露自己	You won't let Mary expose herself.  Y
窗前的你默默凭吊他丧失了自己	The one in front of the window, you hanged him, and he lost himself.    Y
有很多人开始时甚至认为教长是在嘲弄自己	A lot of people at first thought the dean was making a mockery of himself.  Y
我发现她的唯一缺陷是她有时有点控制不住自己	The only fault I found her was that she was sometimes a little out of control.  Y
我愿意她彻底贬辱自己	I'd like her to demean herself completely.  Y
我们看到他坐在书桌前，准备结果自己	We saw him sitting at the desk, preparing himself.  Y
太阳好像早早就升起来了，想看看桑乔怎样折腾自己	It's like the sun's up a long time ago. I want to see how Sanjoo does it.   Y
牙科医生现在颇有成效地阻止她本能地指摘自己	The dentist's now quite productively preventing her from intuitively pointing fingers at herself.   Y
谢尔登则抗议说他能照顾好自己	Sheldon protested that he could take care of himself.   Y
尽管我痛不欲生，但我不愿意她这样折磨自己	Even though I'm in pain, I don't want her to torture herself like this. Y
他不断怂恿我以最恶劣的手段解救自己	He kept encouraging me to save myself by the worst way possible.    Y
她无法简捷地理解女人为何要如此装饰自己	She couldn't easily understand why a woman was so decorated.    Y
我们知道她已经能够照顾自己了	We know she can take care of herself.   Y
