人知道谭老伯这是在安慰自己	People know Uncle Tan is comforting themselves. N
罗伯特-乔丹明白他信任自己	Robert Jordan understood that he trusted himself.   N
她明白是妙子在暗中保护着自己	She knows it's Toko who's protecting herself in the dark.   N
他觉得可能是风里的那个东西抓住了克洛维斯，他害怕那东西也会抓住自己	He thinks it's the thing in the wind that caught Clovis. He's afraid it'll catch himself.   N
她觉出他是想安慰自己	She thinks he's trying to comfort himself.  N
他不敢确定丹妮到董先生面前能不能澄清自己	He's not sure if Dani can clarify herself in front of Mr. Tung. N
她明白父亲是在安慰自己	She understood that father was comforting herself.  N
他知道他们在说自己	He knows they're talking about themselves.  N
婆一见她就说她骗了自己	When she saw her, she said she lied to herself. N
耕二知道由利不是在撒娇，从某种意义上说她是在抚慰自己	Koji knew Yuji wasn't making fun of herself. In a way, she was comforting herself.  N
她从未想到多年以后母亲竟会考虑要放弃自己	She never thought she'd think about giving up on herself after years.   N
她明白他还在跟着自己	She knows he's still following himself. N
她发现他还在恶狠狠地看着自己	She found out he was still looking at himself.  N
姑娘却用如此凄楚的眼神看着他，仿佛恳求他来解救自己	And the girl looked at him with such dazzling eyes as she begged him to save herself. Y
冬妮吃了一惊，抬头盯着他，看他是不是在望着自己	Tony was surprised to look up at him and see if he was looking at himself.  N
德克尔仍在抚摸着贝丝的秀发，他真不愿意警察这个时候来打扰自己	Dekker still caressing Beth's hair. He really doesn't want the police to bother himself at this hour.   N
露丝本来在看电视，突然发觉母亲在注视着自己	Ruth was watching TV and suddenly realized that her mother was watching herself.    N
校长忽然不说话了，老虎知道她正打量着自己	The headmaster suddenly stopped talking, and the tiger knew she was looking at herself. N
他抬眼一瞥，看到她在看着自己	He looked up and saw her looking at herself.    N
冒襄蓦然抬头，发现史可法正目不转睛地注视着自己	I look up, and I see that you're looking at yourself with your eyes open.   N
猫发现老鼠这个新盟友在远远地注视着自己	The cat finds out that the new ally, the mouse, is looking at himself from a distance.  N
我咕哝着，担心他弄醒自己	I'm grunting. I'm worried he'll wake himself up.    N
铂内尔发现那双灰眼睛正以奇异的目光注视着自己	Ponel found those gray eyes staring at himself with a strange eye.  N
她感觉到女出纳的黑眼睛一动不动地盯着自己	She felt the black eye of the cashier staring at herself.   N
他听任对方抓住自己	He lets the other guy catch himself.    Y
他看到韩黛怀疑地看着自己	He saw hande looking at himself suspiciously.   N
她不喜欢松永继续抚摸自己	She doesn't like Matsunaga touching herself.    N
我甚至也希望博士能够这样来迎接自己	I even hoped that the doctor would meet himself like this. N
她一抬头，看到伊莱扎正在端详着自己	When she looked up, she saw Eliza taking care of herself.   N
他觉得对面的日本兵非常不友好地看着自己	He thinks the Japanese soldiers across the street look at themselves very unfriendlyly. N
她相信一营的人们也都会这样嘲笑自己	She believed that people in a camp would laugh at themselves.   N
她害怕人家辞掉自己	She's afraid she'll quit.   Y
杨杏园知道富学仁是有心救济自己	He knows he's willing to help himself.  N
他感到他在注意自己	He felt he was watching himself.    N
奥多太太还只道他看上了自己	Mrs. Ordo just said he had a crush on himself.  N
他看到２正微笑地注视着自己	He saw two looking at himself smilingly.    N
音子忽然发觉女儿长得并不像自己	The voice suddenly realized that her daughter didn't look like herself. N
他看到知县大老爷也正在注目自己	He saw the Master is watching himself.  N
她相信一营的人们也都会这样嘲笑自己	She believed that people in a camp would laugh at themselves.   N
突然他发现卡迪菲在看自己	Suddenly he found out that Cadiffi was looking at himself.  N
他只见艾迪正盯住自己	He only saw Eddie staring at himself.   N
他看看下面的场地里是否有谁在监视着自己	He's gonna see if there's anyone watching himself down there.   N
可他总觉得王老师在扭头望着自己	But he always thinks Mr. Wang is staring at himself.    N
他知道身后有许多目光在盯着自己	He knows there's a lot of eyes on him.  Y
他知道她看不见自己	He knew she couldn't see herself.   N
他相信大爷一定看到了自己	He believes the Master must have seen himself.  N
他知道它正在芦苇丛里仇恨地盯着自己	He knows he's staring at himself in the reeds.  N
古义人发觉有个人从开宴会的道场旁边新盖的厨房后门偷看自己	The ancients saw a man peeking at himself from the back door of the new kitchen next to the banquet.    N
麦克斯则害怕卢琪娅告发自己	Max was afraid that Lucia would turn herself in.    N
她希望义三能尽力挽留自己	She hoped that Ezo would do everything she could to keep herself.   N
安德鲁知道她们是在聊自己	Andrew knows they're talking about themselves.  N
他感到她又回避自己	He felt she was avoiding herself again. N
他发现杨诚也正在默默地注视着自己	He found that Yang was looking at himself quietly.  N
每一个姑娘都巴望人家有时会用这种神态来看自己	Every girl expects her to look at herself like this sometimes.  N
他无法察觉到是否还有持枪歹徒企图偷袭自己	He can't see if there's still a gunman trying to sneak up on himself.   N
他确信她也已看见了自己	He's sure she saw herself.  N
她知道那年轻轿夫正在注视着自己	She knew the young man was watching himself.    N
老金看到上官鲁氏站在门边，悲哀地望着自己	Kim saw his boss, Lui, standing by the door, looking at himself with sadness.   N
但他马上又发现她其实还是没看见自己	But then he found out that she didn't actually see herself. N
她料不到天健会主动地强迫了自己	She didn't expect the Heavenly Council to force herself on its own initiative.  N
她希望她们来看看自己	She wants them to come and see themselves.  N
他醒来时发现母亲正望着自己	When he woke up, he found his mother looking at herself.    N
他们不愿母亲靠近自己	They don't want their mother to come near them. Y
我觉得丈夫背叛了自己	I think my husband betrayed himself.    N
童霜威觉得他是有意避着自己	She thinks he's trying to avoid himself.    N
市子却感到她是在冷眼看着自己	Miko felt she was looking at herself in the face.   N
但席特哈尔塔发现他并没有认出自己	But Sitharta found out he didn't recognize himself. N
父亲看见母亲从她幽居的高处俯视着自己	Father saw his mother look down at herself from the heights of her phantom. N
他感到她在看着自己	He felt she was looking at herself. N
他知道他这是在欺骗自己	He knows he's lying to himself. N
她也怕讲经师责备自己	She's afraid that the sermons will blame herself.   N
范小姐低声请她批判自己	Miss Fan whispered to her to judge herself. N
中田觉得人们好像在纷纷躲避自己	Nakada thinks people are running away from themselves.  N
她热切地盼望着巴比特前来找自己	She eagerly looked forward to Babbitt coming to find herself.   N
我生怕他扣动扳机暴露自己	I was afraid he'd pull the trigger and expose himself.  N
耕二好像听到喜美子正在身边取笑自己	Koji seemed to hear that Himiko was laughing at herself.    N
她无意中发现他正在看着自己	She accidentally found out he was looking at himself.   N
市子怀疑她是在有意躲避自己	Miko suspected she was deliberately avoiding herself.   N
他在回来的路上仍不相信阿荣会真的喜欢自己	On his way back, he still didn't believe Wing would really like himself.    N
阿荣感到连母亲也抛弃了自己	Boring felt like even her mother had abandoned herself. N
牛爱国以为李克智要安慰自己一番	Cow patriots think Lee Keiji needs to comfort himself.  N
她再也不会看到他羞辱自己了	She'll never see him humiliate herself again.   N
她认为他应该指责自己了	She thinks he should blame himself. N
严端甫见他已经佩服自己了	I've seen him admire himself.   N
她看到安全部头子的脸从银行大楼的一扇窗子后边注视着自己	She saw the head of security staring at herself from behind a window in the bank building.  N
他认为伯爵不会看见自己	He didn't think the Count would see himself.    N
暖暖没想到奶奶会反问自己	The warmth didn't expect Grandma to ask herself the same thing. N
他没有等着她过来拥抱自己	He didn't wait for her to come over and hug herself.    N
开田有一刹没有应声,后见她一直看着自己	There was no response from Kaida, and then she looked at herself all the time.  N
她看到他有一两次若有所思地观察着自己	She saw him looking at himself once or twice.   N
妮珂已经感受到，其他车子的乘客注意着自己	Nicole already felt that the other passengers were watching out for themselves. N
他环顾了一下四周，发觉这个汉族人正诚挚地注视着自己	He looked around and realized that the Han were looking at themselves with sincerity.   N
她一抬头，看到伊莱扎正在端详着自己	When she looked up, she saw Eliza taking care of herself.   N
他听不惯别人称赞自己	He doesn't like to hear people praise himself.  N
他知道她看不见自己	He knew she couldn't see herself.   N
但他知道他们是好心来救自己	But he knew they were kind to save themselves.  N
他相信大爷一定看到了自己	He believes the Master must have seen himself.  N
她发觉他带着奇怪的目光注视着自己	She realized he was looking at himself with strange eyes.   N
他知道它正在芦苇丛里仇恨地盯着自己	He knows he's staring at himself in the reeds.  N
耕二做梦也没想到喜美子竟然这样回答自己	I didn't expect her to say that to her. N
他们还不懂得瘟疫在威胁着自己	They don't know the plague is threatening themselves.   N
麦克斯则害怕卢琪娅告发自己	Max was afraid that Lucia would turn herself in.    N
走出帐篷时，他感到那早已忘掉的高山雪夜的死一般的寂静笼罩着自己	When he walked out of the tent, he felt the silence of the snow and snow that had long been forgotten.  Y
安德鲁看见她们边笑边回头望他，便知道她们是在聊自己	Andrew saw them laughing and looking back at him, and she knew they were talking about themselves.  Y
他感到她又回避自己	He felt she was avoiding herself again. N
他发现杨诚也正在默默地注视着自己	He found that Yang was looking at himself quietly.  N
所以德奥希望到纽约后她也能帮帮自己	So Deo wants to help herself when she gets to New York. N
莉迪亚不知道她们笑的是不是自己	Lydia doesn't know if they're laughing. N
她看见绫子正在一年级空无一人的教室前面等着自己	She saw her son waiting for herself in front of an empty class in the first grade.  N
他只要将手中的剑举起，看着一抹黑影无声无息地掠向了自己	All he had to do was raise the sword in his hand and watch a dark shadow swoop into himself.    N
新的门就在眼前，他却不知道那后面是什么在等待自己	The new door is right in front of him, and he doesn't know what's behind it.    Y
他们还不懂得瘟疫在威胁着自己	They don't know the plague is threatening themselves.   N
她想那些东西若被搜查着，日本兵的刺刀会刺通了自己	She thinks if they're searched, the Japs' bayonets will stab themselves.    N
她感到它在暗中牢牢地控制着自己	She felt she was holding her hand in the dark.  Y
男子知道旋律已经以虎钳般的力量抓住了自己	Men know that the melody has captured themselves with the power of a clamp. N
他不认为猝死会逼近自己	He doesn't think sudden death will get closer to himself.   N
我甚至感到土黄色的地面都在威胁着自己	I even felt that the yellow ground was threatening me.  Y
学者感到错综复杂的各类情感像刀子一样切割自己。	Scholars feel that complex emotions cut themselves like knives. N
适才他只是假定了几十只摄影机的黑洞洞的独眼包围着自己	He just assumed that he was surrounded by a single eye of a black hole in dozens of cameras.    Y
她只是无形中感到阿荣那无拘无束的态度在不断地威胁着自己	She just felt that Wing's unbridled attitude was constantly threatening herself.    N
她觉着有个东西狠狠垫了自己一下	She thought something was pushing herself.  N
他刚装了一副假牙，还拿不定哪种奶酪最合适自己	He just had a pair of dentures, and he couldn't possibly get the cheese for himself.    N
